## Interface

### Description

Create a simple interface that allows an object to be saved to some sort of storage medium. Implement the following:

1. ISaveable (interface)<br><br> It has two methods:<br><ul><li><b>write</b>, takes no arguments and returns a <b>List</b> containing objects of type <b>String</b>.</li><li><b>read</b>, takes a <b>List</b> of type <b>String</b> and doesn't return anything.</li></ul>

2. Player (class)<br><br>It has four fields. Two <b>Strings</b> called <b>name</b> and <b>weapon</b>. Two <b>ints</b> called <b>hitPoints</b> and <b>strength</b>.<br>A constructor that accepts a <b>String</b> (name) and two <b>ints</b> (hitPoints and strength). It initialises <b>name</b>, <b>hitPoints</b> and strength with the newly passed in values. It initialises weapon with the default weapon "Sword".<br>And eleven methods:<br><ul><li>Getters and setters for all four fields.</li><li><b>write</b>, same as interface. Return a <b>List</b> of the fields in the order they appear in <b>toString</b>.</li><li></li><b>read</b>, same as interface. Store the values in the <b>List</b>, in the order they appear in <b>toString</b>. Make sure the <b>List</b> is not null and the <b>size</b> is greater than 0 before storing the values.<li><b>toString</b>, <b>Players</b> overriding <b>toString</b> method. It takes no arguments and returns a String in the following format:<br>```Player{name='Tim', hitPoints=10, strength=15, weapon='Sword'}```</li></ul>

3. Monster (class)<br><br>It has three fields. One <b>String</b> called <b>name</b> and Two <b>ints</b> called <b>hitPoints</b> and <b>strength</b>.<br>A constructor that accepts a <b>String</b> (name) and two <b>ints</b> (hitPoints and strength). It initialises <b>name</b>, <b>hitPoints</b> and <b>strength</b> with the newly passed in values.<br>And six methods:<br><ul><li>Only getters for the three fields.</li><li><b>write</b>, same as interface. Return a <b>List</b> of the fields in the order they appear in <b>toString</b>.</li><li><b>read</b>, same as interface. Store the values in the <b>List</b>, in the order they appear in <b>toString</b>. Make sure the <b>List</b> is not null and the <b>size</b> is greater than 0 before storing the values.</li><li><b>toString</b>, <b>Monsters</b> overriding <b>toString</b> method. It takes no arguments and returns a <b>String</b> in the following format:<br>```Monster{name='Werewolf', hitPoints=20, strength=40}```</li></ul>
